that's the dodge the Rango 2004 first of
all to change your pads on the rear
wheels you have to obviously take the
wheel off and then this is the caliper
right here so that's the that's the
caliper you have to remove it and
there's a there's a nut right here you
have to remove this one and there is
another one on the bottom
same size there's where my my wrenches
the torque is very high to make sure you
remove it the best thing is have a
breaker like this don't like a
foot-and-a-half
it will help you remove it once you
remove both screws you can take the
caliper off be careful it's heavy
you want to make sure you don't damage
the line so make sure you have something
like a boxer or something else or the
tire so you can hold or support it there
there's two screws here you want to take
off that's this one and this one they'll
allow to take the caliper apart to
remove the pads the pads are right here
allow our caliper to come apart so you
take the caliper apart now we'll have to
push this piston inside using a C clamp
as far as the pads itself you see
they're very worn out you can just push
them to pull them up like this and they
come out very easily so you don't miss
the spot you can just immediately put
the new one in
perfect and then here same thing maybe
you need to there's a metal part you can
just pull it out a little bit so it
loosens it's easier take it out now
let's grab the new grab the new one from
the box and just bring it in in the same
way perfect okay now it's back in place
you can put this to the side and we'll
work on the piston to work on the piston
we'll put a piece of wood here to
protect it and we'll put the piece of
wood right there to protect it and we'll
come up with a c-clamp let me try to
rush perfect
once the piston is in you can remove
this and back with the pads
and let's put them in you have to allow
this dint be right in there okay
once it's in there bring back those two
screws listen this perfect now make sure
you put the pads back into place to
allow space for the rotor that's it get
your screw ready yeah you put this from
the inside I recommend to put the top
first it's easier it's heavy
just come very slowly and grab your bolt
and just come in just hand tight it and
then grab your your to put your socket
and tighten it very very strong and put
your your tires back and you'll be good
to go